Tools 2479: migration Mongoreplay code part 2 (#2)
mongodb-labs/mongoreplay: README.md

#MongoReplay

> This Repository is NOT a supported MongoDB product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Mongoreplay
Mongoreplay is not a supported MongoDB product.
```
